add miniflare/esbuild template quickstarts.md (#2776)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/get-started/quickstarts.md

  repo="cloudflare/worker-template-router"
/>

<WorkerStarter
  title="Miniflare Example Project"

>   description="Typescript starter that takes care to ensure minimal recompilation times with esbuild and bundle upload time with miniflare."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="An example Cloudflare Workers project that uses Miniflare for local development, TypeScript, esbuild for bundling, and Jest for testing, with Miniflare's custom Jest environment."
```
